Add PHP Core Roundup 20 (#188)
ThePHPF/thephp.foundation: source/_posts/2024-11-21-php-core-roundup-20-php84.md

## Get Ready to Upgrade

[PHP 8.4.0 is now a tagged release](https://github.com/php/php-src/releases/tag/php-8.4.0) on PHP's GitHub repository.

Compiled binaries and container images are available for:

 - Debian and Ubuntu-based Linux distros from [Ondrej Sury's repositories](https://deb.sury.org/).
 - Fedora/RHEL/Rocky/Alma Linux from [Remi's repositories](https://blog.remirepo.net/post/2024/09/27/PHP-on-the-road-to-the-8.4.0-release).
 - MacOS on [MacPorts](https://ports.macports.org/port/php84/) and Homebrew [shivammathur/homebrew-php](https://github.com/shivammathur/homebrew-php) tap.
 - Windows on [windows.php.net](https://windows.php.net/download/).
 - Docker and Podman [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/_/php)

---

## Support PHP Foundation

At The PHP Foundation, we support, promote, and advance the PHP language. We financially support ten PHP core developers to contribute to the PHP project. You can help support PHP Foundation on [OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/phpfoundation) or via [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/ThePHPF).

A big thanks to all our sponsors — PHP Foundation is all of us!

> Follow us on Twitter/X [@ThePHPF](https://twitter.com/thephpf) or  [Mastodon](https://phpc.social/@thephpf) to get the latest updates from the Foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow us on Twitter/X [@ThePHPF](https://twitter.com/thephpf),  [Mastodon](https://phpc.social/@thephpf), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/phpfoundation/), and [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/thephpf.bsky.social) to get the latest updates from the Foundation.
```

---
title: 'PHP Core Roundup #20: 📢 PHP 8.4 is Released!'
published_at: 21 November 2024
layout: post
tags:
  - roundup
author:
  - name: Ayesh Karunaratne
    url: https://aye.sh

  - name: Sergey Panteleev
    url: https://sergeypanteleev.com
---

> We are thrilled to announce that after a year of hard work, dedication, and collaboration, **PHP 8.4** is officially here!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are thrilled to announce that after a year of hard work, dedication, and collaboration, [**PHP 8.4**](https://www.php.net/releases/8.4/) is officially here!
```
